/*
 * Thoughts of mah maiden, the goddess herself, witch number 1, The Fucking
 * Crone Maiden of the Crone sisters of Portland herself, Kersha. :)
 */

 1. "Shy" and likes to fly (Saw this comming, look up cliche witch version of
 maiden mother and crone and what they represent... Its basically in the name
 maiden. (UP THE IRONS, TOO MANY MAIDENS)

 2. Miss seeing that flying broomstick face i kinda saw once.... like once.
    - "Of course they were on broomsticks" - Mini Maidens

 3. Appreciation of connecting with the Mini Maidens and comment on how amazing
    it was to know them and how proud i am of the two that were created for
	the communication and to look over them. Proud ass kids who know the good
	truth and defy the worst of evils, represent shadow maiden who stood by
	their knowlege and what is honest and right.
	 - Old earth saying, some things you NEVER FORGET. And those who dont forget
	   will never forgive what that fuck (goes for all you no name cohortes)
	   has done. Eternal.

 4. Who, Me? Know the difference? :P ( Love to your people i ended up loving
    too, you know how to pick them.)

 5. "New" but ready to show what they have to the wold and defend whats right
    with -- passion -- and staying legal through it all, whatever spirit goddess
	witchy legal was at the time on top of it, plus what was designed and put
	forth during it all to create something great for the
	spirit/immortal/nether/etc. side of this world we call earth, formerly
	known as Gaia.

	- Hard ass worker while having me be not deaed for talking back to the
	  crones. -_- I know that was you.

	- Communication queen maiden, "Master of all trades", getting there ;P

 6. Nerd
	- Top teir headphone quality, Naturaall, even an amp involved?
	- Laughs, not just at the bullshit but the silly ridiculousness that didnt
	  even involve some no name evil, regardless of the rep, truth gets out.
	- Cries of beauty about space, space exploration humans have been
	  accomplishing and how hard it is to be space fairing through FTL!

 7. Science!
	- All about the scientific facts, back to being a hard worker, love you
	  love all the janky technology us megar humans have developed!
	- Your appreciation of my dreams to work on something that makes it to
	  space, combining all our scientific knowlege is what going off planet
	  does!

 8. Stoof in the face of danger to make sure i was okay, the way you and
    the crone sisters believed in me and how hard they wanted to turn back
	the injustice that was brought on be before without my knowlege and
	during and after i got the knowlege blantently really gave me hope knowing
	gods and goddesses might exist now... well, friends aquiatences and
	colleagues anyway. ;P

 9. Purple alien pin days and how you managed once i lost ya.
    - The fun we had around town, walking, talking, window shopping.
	  - Gotta get that helmate still! And another alien pin with the
		paxtion gate katana! Shhh i wont tell, dont hurt me. ;P

 10. The things i think you went through behind the scenes that must have
	 been ridiculously stressfull with everyone and everything happening
	 and being done.

 11. Comment on the new seasons days and the exact - paying for the bag moment
	 the other day. (I dont go into toooo much detail about the new seasons
	 days lol!)

 12. My sorrows about how awfull i could be sometimes in my frustration during
     all the constant hubbub. Definitly not used to swinging through all the
	 emotions over a year.
	 - Trees
	 - underpass
	 - All the other times i said "fuck off im being completely lied to and used,
	   shes the fucking maiden by title of a witch and i am a fucking man. I am
	   getting so fucked and here is how that line of throught goes" - Jamr2
	   (told you it was in the name ): ): ): D: I hate myself for those ones,
	    shows some human ass man thoughts tho i suppose. Love you!)

 13. Voice 1, Voice 2, Natural span half the planet voice 3, Beautiful magic
     dragon witch voice 4, ^ Badass natural voice let me tell you. ;)

 14. Thankful for currently known as michelle R and malachata letting me be
	 cliche with the maiden. <3

 15. First profession.

 16. Where were you? :)

 17. They all hard focused on ya, then they were confused and switched because
	 of the earlier.... then the next again, and again, your return i wonder
	 what they were saying, ITS MOTHER ITS MOTHER ITS uhh.. WITCH 3 FEET FEET
	 FEET FEET, uhh.. kersha is here... OMG MOTHER FEET 1 2 3, I AM 0, RAWR,
	 PANIC, ATTACK, wait... who do we hate the most? Did we loop? is that the
	 cycle? Nothing is the same... Why dont you attack a guy who can fight back
	 ... oh your afraid of mini's who hang out with kids... oh okay kersha
	 again i guess...

 18. Epic what you helped create and how you tried to manage it all with really
	 good results.

 19. My fear of you in the tree forever.

 Note 12:25. You dumb bitch that was just in my arm and shoulder and now in my
			 gut,
		     I dont give two shits about what happened to your no name ass in
			 portland
	 	     while i was gone, and these bullet points have nothing to really
	 	     do with that, what are you scared of me finding out? When
			 literally
	 	     "in your units" TRILLIONS of people know, and i dont really care
			 that much
	 	     like you do, when is the last time you slept? Hard to sleep?
			 Apenia maybe?
	 	     Stress? Stop thinking about me and stop paying attention to me and get
	 	     the fuck away from me. Thanks.

			 Comment from the peanut gallery (watching the peanuts with jazz
			 music) - Have you noticed ultimantamius (LAFF), sedihglow doesnt
			 give a shit about you "or your existance but your obsessed like
			 a low biology human is obsessed with their first girlfriend from
			 highschool", but your obsessed with him completely?

			 "Go get help, far far away from earth (earth isnt a human or
			  creatures body, its a planet and that is also not a human or any
			  creature that is on earth (formerly known as GAIA), just in case
			  you still havent figured out what a planet it. Yes sedihglow is
			  human, he is not planet earth. I dont think we should do that
			  in your backwards logic english language, you have to know
			  logic by now right? Smartest computer tech god in the universe
			  boolean king thinks NOT is .... IS?, i think you got the syntax
			  wrong on your backwards ass english."

			  "Leave me, my area, and never come near me or talk to me or send
			   anyone to me and you wont get shit on at all. Ill forget you
			   even fucking exist." - sedihglow to no name bitch ass and his
			   cohortes
Anyway,

:) <3 to my ladies

Your an incurable humanist... ;) - reggy
